Oh
[Music]
John Chagnon pcs outdoors
we got a raccoon on the banks of the
asaba River this isn't a little Griz dog
proof trap
you
[Applause]
Jan schenkman pcs outdoors we went down
over the first firm and we had a set
pulse at on this little pine tree in
fact I was hoping for a red or gray I've
got a just number one and a half do
coil-spring on his hind foot
here's our gray fox kind of nice caught
on the back foot but what I wanted to
notice is that this is one of the traps
that we speed dipped and that was a
brand-new silver trap taken out of the
box two days ago and put on the line and
there's no reason that you can't just
take some brand new traps B dip um and
uh catch some Fox coyote whatever you
need to do so get out in the outdoors
and save some rabbits and purge by
catching some of these canines plus it's
a lot of fun that's a beautiful little
creature once you got focus on you know
John Chagnon pcs outdoors you got a real
pretty coyote here got him in a one and
a half coil spring basically coyote
Coons faxes we're basically all going
around a little natural crossing there
and we put a cross stick and it's a real
heavy cedar swamp and I just wanted to
stop and show this catch to show you
that catch coyote uh you you don't have
to be just in the wide open fields and
always take care when you even if you
think you're just gonna get a raccoon
because I bedded that trap and staked it
to hold the coyote and as I'm going to
show many times this year like I already
have and will we're gonna catch coyotes
just in about every environment now
let's dispatch
and then I'll hold them up once you get
them
real good catch on that one and a half
it's got him totally by its paws always
be cautious when you walk up to your
captured animal and you think he's
dispatched because you don't want to get
bit by one of these guys sometimes they
could simply get stunned but as you can
see real pretty kayo it's got to be a
good 35 pounds if not more and firmly
caught short-chain he wasn't going
anywhere even though it was a
one-and-a-half coil spring